
**Your new CLAM project has been set up!**

DEVELOP YOUR WEBSERVICE
----------------------------

To develop your webservice, you need to edit the following file:

* ``/Users/lars/Desktop/fa-clam/FAclam/FAclam/FAclam.py`` - This is your service configuration file, here you fedinfed what goes in and out of the webservice.
* ``/Users/lars/Desktop/fa-clam/FAclam/FAclam/FAclam.$HOSTNAME.yml`` - This is an external host-specific configuration file, automatically loaded from the service configuration to set host-specific settings.
* ``/Users/lars/Desktop/fa-clam/FAclam/FAclam/FAclam.config.yml`` - This external configuration is less host-specific and used only if no host-specific file can be found.
* ``/Users/lars/Desktop/fa-clam/FAclam/FAclam/FAclam_wrapper.py`` - This is your system wrapper script where you implement the logic to call the tool that underlies your webservice (you can use ``/Users/lars/Desktop/fa-clam/FAclam/FAclam/FAclam_wrapper.sh`` if you prefer to use a simple shell script instead of Python, other languages are possible too but we have no templates for those)

It is strongly recommended to keep host-specific settings out of the service configuration file and instead put it in
the respective config.$HOSTNAME.yml file that is automatically included by the service configuration. Create a new one
for each host you plan to deploy this webservice on.

Consult the CLAM Documentation and/or instruction videos on
https://proycon.github.io/clam for further details.

Also don't forget to edit the metadata in the setup script ``/Users/lars/Desktop/fa-clam/FAclam/setup.py`` and run ``python setup.py install`` to install the webservice after you made any changes (the start scripts provided will do so automatically for you). This ``setup.py`` also enables you to publish your webservice to the Python Package Index.

START YOUR WEBSERVICE
-------------------------

Whilst you are in the process of building your CLAM webservice, you can start
and test your webservice using the built-in development webserver, start it
with ``./startserver_development.sh`` . This takes care of any installation as well.
Once started, you can point your browser to the URL advertised by this script.


DEPLOYING YOUR WEBSERVICE (for system administrators)
-------------------------------------------------------

For production use, we recommend using uwsgi in combination with a webserver
such as Apache (with mod_uwsgi_proxy), or nginx. A uwsgi configuration has been generated (FAclam.$HOSTNAME.ini); it is specific
to the host you deploy the webservice on. This in turn loads the wsgi script (FAclam.wsgi), which loads your webservice.

Sample configurations for nginx and Apache have been generated as a starting point in ``deployment-examples/`', add these to your server and then use the
``./startserver_production.sh`` script to launch CLAM using uwsgi.

VERSION CONTROL
-----------------

We *strongly* recommend you to put /Users/lars/Desktop/fa-clam/FAclam and everything inside under version control (e.g. git).
To create a new git repository::

    cd /Users/lars/Desktop/fa-clam/FAclam
    git init
    git add *
    git commit -m "generated by clamnewproject"

VIRTUAL ENVIRONMENT
--------------------

We strongly recommend the use of a Python virtual environment for your CLAM webservice, both in development and in production.
