**Notule 8 April 2020**
Attendees: Frank, Job, Lars van Rhijn, Martin, Matti, Michel and Wim. Due to exams we made this meeting optional. 

**Workflow:**
No progress when looking at the tasks done last week. Writing tests is continuous and has no high priority. The pull requests are optional.

**CLAM server:**
The other lars is doing some things around this. Other developers (outside our engineering team) are doing stuff about this. Maarten and Louis are working on adding the FA CLAM script.

**User Login:**
User Login implemented an overview page as discussed two weeks ago. Changed login required stuff to a more professional way. Pull request still open that needs some fixing.

**Text editor:**
Both the engineers working on that have been occupied with exams and re-exams. Looked into possible solutions for this. No exact work has been done. 

**Walking through mockup:**
Showing the flow diagram. The pink things are the main screen. Starting with a login, followed by file upload and check dictionary. The server will check the dictionary to the Lexicon that is stored on the server. Using G2P to add the new words to the lexicon. No missing words will lead towards forced alignments (FA). Following the flowchart will end up in the analysis. Most scripts are predetermined with two inputs. This is the reason that it is a pipeline, not a one-page design. The client wants the pipeline instead of everything in one page. 
Louis and Maarten have a script for FA, Check Dictionary and G2P in a CLAM server. We only have to implement the IP to the location of these CLAM server to make them work in our system. We need to change the application to match the flow chart as presented by Frank during the meeting. 

Following the mockup that is in ‘GENERAL’ in the Discord chat. Frank is walking everyone through the mockup. The file explorer is hidden behind a hamburger menu to ensure that the information is available but not overwhelming any user by being in the screen constantly. 

.oov = out of vocabulary file which is returned from the check dictionary check. The words in this .oov are then presented in the table on this page which should be converted to phoneems using the G2P script. 
.oov.dict file is then produced which holds a dict with both the words from the .oov file and the phoneems. 

Mockup gives a fairly clear picture of the requested system by Louis, Maarten, Helmer and Henk. 

Lars will add the FA CLAM server from Louis and Maarten to be able to run FA in testing as well.

**Management question to (sub)client**
Is louis and Maarten building English FA? Why not? 

Rethinking the issues depending on the Workflow and Flow diagram. 
-	Login is working
-	File upload is halfway working
-	Check dict and FA is redesign because it has to work with the CLAM server of Louis and Maarten
-	In line praat script – set up in the CLAM 
-	Analysis part is the implement CLAM
How are we passing which project is currently busy between the pages. Somewhere we can upload files, we need to know and keep following which files are uploaded and used. 
Lars (van Rhijn) will write a short document which communication is done between the pages. Write a flow of how the documents flow between the pages to use the active the project. 
File on the server stored are currently placed: Stored on the CLAM server, also on the Django server – at least the ZIP files are stored there. 
